STORMWIND CITY
	The Attack! (434) - Conversation criteria does not yield group credit.
	James Hyal (1302) - Did not meet the requirements for the quest despite
		following the breadcrumb.
MULGORE
	Winterspring Cleansing (754) - Tauren only, completely inaccessible.
THE BARRENS
	Counterattack! (4021) - Gameobject despawns after a single looting.
WAILING CAVERNS
	Awaken Naralax Event - Mobs spawn too fast, corpses despawn too fast.
RAZORFEN KRAUL
	Blueleaf Tubers (1221) - Tubers are not lootable.
		Seems to work fine for Horde.
GNOMEREGAN
	Nogg's Ring Redo (2950) - Not accessible to level 32 players.  Should
		be level 34, Req 28
THOUSAND NEEDLES
	The Swarm Grows (1147) - Only 1 Silithid Invader spawns.  Workers are
		not hostile.
	Galek Mauler (4095) and Galek Stormer (4097) - Multiple spawns in single 
		location.
DESOLACE
	Body Guard for Hire (5821) - Caravan does not path with Cork, event does
		not start.
ARATHI HIGHLANDS
	The Real Threat (680) - Or'Kalar respawns too quickly, before group can
		loot the corpse.
WINTERSPRING
	Are We There, Yeti? (5163) - Yeti does not chase named npcs on summon.
	Guardians of the Alter (4901) - Ranshalla does not advance after first 
		summon point, mobs do not spawn and attack.
	Seal of Ascension (4743) - Emberstrife's spell does not affect the unforged
		seal.
	The Dragon's Eye (6501) - Unable to teleport to Haleh via the runes in 
		Mazorthil.
BLACKROCK DEPTHS
	The Love Potion (4201) - After turn in, Mistress Nagmara freezes during the
		script.  She does not take Rocknot through the door, nor can other
		players turn in the quest.
	Ribbly Screwspigot (4136) - No gossip is available to aggro and attack
		Ribbly.
	Rocknot - Giving Roknot ale causes extra mobs to appear due to "a disturbance."
		Rocknot should activate Phalanx, not summon the extras. The extras appear
		when attacking Ribbly, Thunderbrew or any bar patrons.
BLACKROCK SPIRE
	Urok Doomhowl Event - Urok is summoned twice, mobs spawn too quickly (maybe).
	
SCHOLOMANCE
	Dark Summoner - Should summon skeletons endlessly, never bothering to
		run to the player.
	Kirtonos the Herald - Crits one shot tank with ease.  
		Videos hit cloth for 1198
	Spectral Tutors - Image Projection does not despawn and heal original - 
		they just pile up.
	Jandice Barov - Illusions do too much damage too quickly, they should 
		despawn after 30 sec.
	Rattlegore - Damage too high.
	Pre Viewing Room - Killing Rattlegore should clear out numerous mobs.
		Impossible otherwise.
	Ras Frostwhisper - Some of his spells hit a little too hard, although
		his CC is what really cripples me.
	Doctor Theolen Krastinov - Hits very hard, like he should, but crits 
		might kill the tank.
			dmgmult 5 - hits tank for 890, crits for 1806
	Instructor Malicia - Her health seems too high.
	The Ravenian - Hits too hard.

STRATHOLME
	Mangled Cadavers summon 2 broken cadavers, that might not be right.
	Aboms and Eyes are slow to start pathing.
	Timmy the Cruel hits too hard.  Damage Multiplier 13, Attack Speed 1.4
	Mobs in the live side don't path when they should
	Cannon Master Willey to hard. Dmg Mult 7
	Magistrate Barthilas enrages constantly, should probably be slowed down.
	Baroness Anastari - MC's players, MC doesn't work, drags out fight too long.
	Venom Belcher poison may do a little too much damage.
	Aboms may come too quickly.
	
DIRE MAUL
	Pusillin - Despawns before reaching final area, boss fight inaccessible.
	Hydrospawn - Geyser adds can attack, but should only cast a knockback spell.
	Felvine Shards - Despawn too quickly.
	Alzzin the Wildshaper - Smaller mobs near him respawn too quickly.
	
WARRIOR
	Chimeric Horn (1844) - Unable to accept, requirements not met.
	Brutal Legguards (1847) - Saw grey ! at 28, should require level 20.

GUILDS
	Guild Tabards do not display correctly for guild members until relogging.

REPUTATION
	Reputation transition from Neutral to Unfriendly makes mobs unattackable.
	Toggle at war to resolve.  Appears to impact the at war boolean on the
	back end.  Tested against Gelkis Clan Centaur.  Problems resolved at Hostile.
	
	